## Assignment #6 – Self Assessment 
## Name: Grant Galinger
## Members: Josh Phillips, Kyle Spraggins 

## **Part A**
### My overall contributions to the project included the following: Setting up the PHP Apache web server, configuring the database connection and table creation, implementing the cloud service API libraries, processing file uploads through Dropzone JavaScript library, and designing some of the web pages. I feel that I did build upon the skills identified in my initial assessment last fall. Coming into this project, I had a decent foundation of PHP knowledge that was built through my experience in my most recent co-op. I was able to use these skills to jumpstart the development of the PHP-heavy aspects of this project. As mentioned above, I had my hand in a lot of different areas for this project. I was focused mainly on the PHP aspects because out of our group I was most familiar with that language. I think the most significant thing I worked on was implementing each of the three cloud service libraries: Google Drive, Dropbox, and OneDrive. I did this through following some starter developer guides for each of the services, as well as a good amount of testing. I had some knowledge of API development from my last co-op, so I wasn’t going in completely blind. 

### Personally, I learned a lot form this project. My PHP knowledge was expanded upon nicely after working extensively in a procedural programming environment. I also gained experience creating my own API and OAuth 2.0 Authorization workflow. In addition to that, I also gained experience utilizing the PHP dependency manager, Composer. In terms of what we built, I think our final product is a well functionally, aesthetically pleasing web application which achieves what we set out to achieve: An easy way to back up your files to three of the most popular cloud services. I think that we had success in designing the web pages, implementing a user-based login system, as well as implementing the API and OAuth 2.0 components. There were of course some hiccups along the way when trying to get the API and OAuth2.0 components to work fully, but that was to be expected. One major obstacle was getting the Composer dependency manager to build our project successfully with all of the libraries we needed to use. This was solved by finding compatible version of each of the libraries that when built together resulted in no errors. 

## **Part B**
### As mentioned in Part A, our group accomplished everything we set out to. We also set up an efficient system of managing our work and collaborating through our GitHub repository. I think we all gained a lot of good experience working on a group. Our group worked well together, and our skills complemented one another. We learned that communication is very important when it comes to working in any sort of group setting. As well as making sure we all know what each of us is working on currently. I think that we worked very successfully as a group in terms of meeting our deadlines and providing assistance to one another when needed. I did not see any major aspects of our teamwork that could be considered unsuccessful. 

### I think that my efforts of the projects are about on par with my other teammates. Initially, I took charge in setting up the foundation for our project since I had the most knowledge with PHP programming. I also had taken the time to create the user-based login system on my own, as I had started something very similar for a different project. Once the foundation was laid, I started focusing on the API and OAuth 2.0 components, for which my teammates helped me with. I would say that a special recognition of one of our members in not necessary. We all worked hard and put forth a similar time commitment. 
